the other recipes member who shared this
recipe for scrambled eggs done write
comments there's more to just mixing
eggs and cooking this will make a
believer out of you let's give it a try
the secret ingredient in these scrambled
eggs is mayonnaise you can also use
salad dressing if you prefer instead so
let's whisk together 1 teaspoon of
mayonnaise
with one teaspoon of water and then
whisk in two eggs to scramble the eggs
add one teaspoon of butter or margarine
to a nonstick skillet over low heat when
the butter melts Horn the eggs and stir
them constantly as they cook it's best
not to season the eggs as they cook
since at my toughen them up once the
eggs are finished season the eggs to
your liking with salt and ground black
pepper serve these up with your favorite
breakfast sides scrambled eggs
done right
Oh